Third master of the first aristocratic family in Jiangcheng
Are they really your son's people?
Husband must be a little scumbag
He dragged the Confucian motherland
That's why I found the savage woman on the road
Mr. Lu misunderstood
Misunderstanding at that time
Dad, they bullied me just now.
Also bully mother
He also stole his brother's things
Impossible not to be angry
How?
You child
Shut up, troublemaker
My children and my wife
In the so-called elite kindergarten
They were treated unfairly.
You misunderstood
Do you want to undo all your mistakes?
I live in a courtyard that looks so easy to talk to
Not bad. Not bad.
I'm so sorry.
You forgive me.
I had no idea he was your wife
And your child
What do you mean?
Am I not Lu Tingyue's family?
Can you bully me at will?
It seems
Your kindergarten education is not very good either
I am the largest manager of the kindergarten
Take over the management of the kindergarten
And revoke all your shares in the kindergarten
From today onwards
You were banished from the traffic police
Sorry, sorry, sorry.
Please forgive me.
Mr. Lu, say one more thing
There is no place for you in the whole country
Go away